Ya, the assignments keep getting more and more demanding. They also get more and more interesting. I knew this assignment was
going to be a challenge so I started it very early. Despite having worked on the Ceaser cipher in class, I still did not 
understand how the OTP worked, so I had to start with that before writing any code. Once I felt I had a solid understanding, I 
then now started writing. I am impressed by how I am actually improving my knowledge and comfort in programming. Although I have
the prerequisites for the class, truth is my coding comfort levels are very low and I have a hard time understanding code. So 
that I independently wrote the generate pad function alone and that it was working was amazing for me. I had a challenge with 
the encryption method as I could not figure out how to match the pad and message ascii while skipping over punctuation and 
spaces. After figuring that out, the real challenge was the standalone program. I had no idea how to use the sys.arg to get
input from the user using the command line. It took me a really long time to read about and understand this. Another reason why
starting the assignment early is always the way to go! I think I got the hang of how to use it, but I still don't fully
understand the concept. Ooops, realized quite late that my idea of converting all the letters in the message into uppercase
for ease of conversion into ascii doesn't work quite well when converting them back into the decrypted message. More if statements
needed. Let's get down to it. 
I missed the deadline and that makes me really sad. I had a bug that took me a really long time to fix, and that's even before 
starting to take care of capitalization for my encrypted message. The fact that I was using a text file to test my code instead
of the provided encrypted message one made me miss a few edge cases. So I ended up trying the advanced challenge before even 
meeting the assignment expectations. I am quite disappointed with how this turned out. I had started the assignment on a high
note and having to submit substandard code that was not even properly organized, commented or tested in a rush to meet the 
deadline made me sad. I hope I can do better next time. 
